[Applause]
by the way Robert Muller isn't the only
one out there hunting which the
president is facing multiple
investigations one of them involving his
personal charity the Trump foundation
the New York Attorney General claims the
Trump family repeatedly violated state
and federal law and used the foundation
as a president's quote personal
checkbook as part of their agreement now
with the state Trump Foundation is
agreed to dissolve and sell off its
remaining assets including this a
six-foot-tall portrait Trump paid for
with money from his foundation and you
can see it's beautiful why doesn't he
just use this for the border wall I
could find in the lobby of the saddest
90s themed restaurant ever planet Trump
II would Trump is going all-in on this
wall last night he wrote the Democrats
are saying loud and clear that they do
not want to build a concrete wall but we
are not building a concrete wall we are
building artistically designed steel
slaps so that you can easily see through
it it will be beautiful and at the same
time give our country the security that
our citizens deserve that's it I didn't
know the wall was gonna be beautiful I
mean when Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
here it's gonna have artistically
designed slats I'm sure they'll be like
well why didn't you say that in the
first place let's let's sweat it up
even those from work and we actually
came up with a computer-generated
representation of what this wall might
look like with slats and while it is
quite beautiful you can see undocumented
criminals can still smuggle neighborly
wisdom over the top pretty easily a
border made of slats that you can see
through is called a fence right isn't
that he's gone from we're gonna build a
wall in Mexico who's gonna pay for it -
we're gonna build a Burning Man art
installation and we're all gonna pay for
it together hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape